Add to paragraph about how to ignore IDE files (#540)
romejs/rome: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

No dependency installation step is required as we check in our `node_modules` folder that contains only a copy of TypeScript and some definitions.

> In case you need to ignore some file that are generated by your IDE, we advise to ignore
> these files by adding them into your git global ignore file. [This link](https://help.github.com/en/github/using-git/ignoring-files#configuring-ignored-files-for-all-repositories-on-your-computer)
> will explain to you how to create this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If files specific to your local development environment should be ignored,
please add these files to a global git ignore file rather than to a git ignore
file within Rome. You can find more information on this process [here](https://help.github.com/en/github/using-git/ignoring-files#configuring-ignored-files-for-all-repositories-on-your-computer).
```
